Dear Lars William Roe,

Thank you for your order for JExpress Professional. Please keep the following information for future reference.

1. Delivery of JExpress is exclusively via the web. Please be sure to backup the download file in case you need to re-install it.

2. If you ordered this product for another user in your organization, please make sure that user registers so they can receive technical support.

3. You will be downloading the Pure Java installer. Be sure to click the jump point which shows you instructions on how to install JExpress.

4. After you finish the installation, then you can retrieve files to create native installers for Windows, Linux, and Solaris from:

   http://www.denova.com/JExpress/Native

5. We recommend that you install the full version into the same directory where you installed the trial version. All of your projects will be fully usable.

6. You can access the Customer area to download the JExpress Professional installer during the next 6 months with the following information:

   URL: http://www.denova.com/JExpress/Customer
   User id: larsroe@fastmail.fm
   Password: 13356401

   IMPORTANT: a. The user id, password, and download url *are* case sensitive.
              b. Make a backup copy of the installer in case you need to re-install it.

7. 6 months after your order, you will need to purchase the Annual Updates, if you did not already do so, in order to download the installer again or receive updates so be sure to make a backup copy.

8. We only keep the current release available online and we release new versions frequently. This means that you must keep a backup copy of any release you want to be able to re-install for any reason (including disk crashes, lost files, etc.).

9. Your password is also the serial number for the product.

10. Please send questions about using JExpress to support@denova.com.

We hope you enjoy using JExpress and welcome any suggestions or comments. If I can help in any way, please let me know.

Thank you!

Marie
DeNova Sales